Edit readme content & language (#60)
alphagov/govwifi-authentication-api: README.md

# GovWifi Authentication API

This API is used by the frontend when a connection request is made to GovWifi.

> Its function is to check these requests against user details and the result determines how FreeRadius reacts to it e.g. allow / dissallow the connection.

Reviewer: nit: RADIUS is an acronym
```suggestion
Its function is to check these requests against user details and the result determines how FreeRADIUS reacts to it e.g. allow / dissallow the connection.
```

The private GovWifi [build repository][build-repo] contains instructions on how to build GovWifi end-to-end - the sites, services and infrastructure.

<!-- vscode-markdown-toc -->
* 1. [Overview](#Overview)
	* 1.1. [Sinatra routes](#Sinatraroutes)
	* 1.2. [Dependencies](#Dependencies)
* 2. [Developing](#Developing)
	* 2.1. [Running the tests](#Runningthetests)
	* 2.2. [Using the linter](#Usingthelinter)
	* 2.3. [Serving the app locally](#Servingtheapplocally)
	* 2.4. [Deploying changes](#Deployingchanges)
* 3. [Gotchas](#Gotchas)
	* 3.1. [Extra API parameters](#ExtraAPIparameters)
* 4. [Licence](#Licence)

> <!-- vscode-markdown-toc-config

Reviewer: This looks like it's for vscode specifically, and shouldn't actually be committed. If I paste this into a general markdown editor, it shows!

	numbering=true
	autoSave=true
	/vscode-markdown-toc-config -->
<!-- /vscode-markdown-toc -->

> ##  1. <a name='Overview'></a>Overview

Reviewer: I think if this is just called `## Overview`, your [link on line 9](https://github.com/alphagov/govwifi-authentication-api/pull/60/files#diff-04c6e90faac2675aa89e2176d2eec7d8R9) will navigate to it correctly, without the need for the <a> tags.

GovWifi exposes FreeRADIUS servers on public IP addresses, which are configured
to communicate with this private API via its REST plugin.

> ###  1.1. <a name='Sinatraroutes'></a>Sinatra routes

Reviewer: I wouldn't expose this detail here. I can find this out easily by going to `app.rb` once I know it's a Sinatra app.

I might describe it at a slightly high level if I thought it was valuable:
> This API has one endpoint (at /authorize/user)

But I'd probably just cut it out completely.

* `GET /authorize/user/:user_name`  - FreeRADIUS authorisation route

###  1.2. <a name='Dependencies'></a>Dependencies

* MySQL database - user details generated by the [user signup API][user-signup-api]
  are fetched by this API.

##  2. <a name='Developing'></a>Developing

> ###  2.1. <a name='Runningthetests'></a>Running the tests

Reviewer: I think we can describe these make commands more tersely without losing much:

> The [Makefile](https://github.com/alphagov/govwifi-authentication-api/blob/master/Makefile) contains commonly used commands for working with this app:
> - `make test` runs all the automated tests
> - `make serve` starts the API server on localhost
> - `make shell` starts the API server, then opens a shell in its docker container

```shell
make test
```

###  2.2. <a name='Usingthelinter'></a>Using the linter

```shell
make lint
```

###  2.3. <a name='Servingtheapplocally'></a>Serving the app locally

```shell
make serve
```

> ###  2.4. <a name='Deployingchanges'></a>Deploying changes

Reviewer: This is out of date. You can deploy this just from jenkins now.

> Merging to `master` will automatically deploy this API to staging.
> To deploy to production, choose _Deploy to production_ in the jenkins pipeline when prompted.

Once you have merged your changes into the master branch, deploying them is made up of
two steps:

* Pushing a built image to the docker registry from Jenkins.

* Restarting the running tasks so it picks up the latest image.

> ##  3. <a name='Gotchas'></a>Gotchas

Reviewer: I'd remove this section entirely. Feels like a TODO note somewhere rather than something every reader of the README needs to know.

Suspect I'm not in the majority there though.

# GovWifi Authentication API

> This is the user authentication API for GovWifi.

Reviewer: I don't think this adds much to the title without a description - think the best READMEs tell you what the thing _does_, not what it is.

Annoyingly, I haven't found a good description for this one yet (we're talking about it right now!), but think the right approach is just to lift these descriptions from [what I've written in the build repo](https://github.com/alphagov/govwifi-build/pull/282/files#diff-04c6e90faac2675aa89e2176d2eec7d8R13).

(Of course, I would think that, I wrote them :sweat_smile:)

> The private GovWifi [build repository][build-repo] contains instructions on how to build GovWifi end-to-end - the sites, services and infrastructure.

Reviewer: I'd in-line this link as it's only used once in this doc, think it's still clear

```suggestion
The private GovWifi [build repository][https://github.com/alphagov/govwifi-build] contains instructions on how to build GovWifi end-to-end - the sites, services and infrastructure.
```

Author: The markdown linter suggests using no bare URLs.

Reviewer: Interesting, that's not my understanding of what bare URLs are (is it [this rule](https://github.com/updownpress/markdown-lint/blob/master/rules/034-no-bare-urls.md)?)

Author: And it seems a lot of the repos we have and the GDS Way repo have it like this.

Reviewer: Ah, OK, I can see the benefits of that style - having all the links defined at the bottom of the file so they're easy to update. 

Should we drag [build-repo] to the bottom of this file?
